com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityAddAddressBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityAddAddressBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentAddToBagBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentAddToBagBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityVisualResultBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityVisualResultBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityVisualSearchBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityVisualSearchBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityShipingAddressBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityShipingAddressBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/CoverSingleBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.CoverSingleBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/VisualPredictBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.VisualPredictBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivitySettingsBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivitySettingsBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentFavBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentFavBinding
com/example/buynow/db/ProductDao_Impl.java
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$1
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$2
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$3
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$4
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$5
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$6
 com.example.buynow.db.ProductDao_Impl$7
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/CustomDialogBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.CustomDialogBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityEmailVerifyBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityEmailVerifyBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/SingleProductBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.SingleProductBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/buynow/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.buynow.BuildConfig
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/CartItemSingleBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.CartItemSingleBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentBagBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentBagBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/FragmentShopBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.FragmentShopBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivityProductDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivityProductDetailsBinding
com/example/buynow/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.buynow.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.buynow.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/buynow/ml/MobilenetV110224Quant.java
 com.example.buynow.ml.MobilenetV110224Quant
 com.example.buynow.ml.MobilenetV110224Quant$1
 com.example.buynow.ml.MobilenetV110224Quant$Outputs
com/example/buynow/databinding/PredictedResultSingleBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.PredictedResultSingleBinding
com/example/buynow/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.buynow.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
